I was watching pcs foxed earlier today
it's not looking very uh looking very
technical he's got he's got one of the
better technical foxes in the country at
this point in time me to King being
awesome airsoft players um and Korean DJ
he's probably at the most mine yes
background station 10 right it's an
inspector station 10 all right so we got
a match going here we got a FD which I
really think this is one of the better
levels for Fox in this matchup and we'll
see how it plays out Isaiah has lost
believe his last two or three sets
against PC so this is a matchup that uh
it's almost a small rivalry and it's
really like Isaiah's primary characters
on Captain Falcon and if you look at his
choose to worst matchups in the game
it's Fox and Falco which are chris's
primary character so i mean if you have
a reason why you lost the past three i
mean that's pretty strong reason right
there
I was a mistake by Isaiah you just
mistimed it
oh good me by Isaiah there he's only
down by one stock now by say it doesn't
pull it out this match he'll probably
switch over to chic united 93 fly and
Rob pony on stage board I Superfly
rather than station for now we apologize
for any noise in the background we're
trying to do practice and our mic and
speakers are hooked up right behind NER
VOD so if you're ready yelling oh that's
it alright so far it seems to be PC
Chris are controlling the matchup like I
said a very difficult matchup for
Captain Falcon Fox's aerials was pitched
to come out too quick and yup were tired
tourism inside pretty much the whole
match pc chris has been playing kind of
a hit-and-run game right now he's been
running in Isaiah doesn't take the bait
he runs back out and resets himself you
notice saw a lot of high-level players
to do that spacing it's really important
not to leave yourself in an awkward
position or a bad position on the map
nice nice magic address
as they still down that stock probably
in large part from that suicide you had
and it definitely didn't help its
chances the first round you can never
when you're on a high-level play another
high level player you can really afford
to make a mistake in SD and night night
utilize your stock
all right I keep sending pc doing some
more hit and runs all right Seacrest
takes off the first game win with the
two stock in Isaiah seed once I wouldn't
be surprised to see character switch of
this